Layout number one, complete!
You think we should
change anything?
If we had a wider space
just for the goods,
we could show off the
merchandise a little better.
Let's redesign it then.
If you please.
[LI LING]
Yeah! Looks good!
A festival calls
for decorations!
We want it to look fun!
They're all getting really
into it, aren't they?
The preparations are
going so smoothly.
Yeah, I know.
All of the excitement and
positivity in the room
is contagious!
Makes our job easy!
[RYOMA] Rehearsals for the
The Semroid Troupe's show
are underway, too.
Are they using magic to
make their swords shine?
What a cool special effect!
[WORGAN]
Hey! How's it goin', Ryoma?
Guessing I caught you
on your way home?
[RYOMA]
Yep. Good guess, Mister Worgan.
You got a moment?
Just one.
[WORGAN] First, I wanna thank
you for taking that tunnel
ant job.
Thought you were planning
to be a full-time merchant,
so it was nice to see
your face round our guild.
And a little birdy told me
you're trying to get
your adventurer rank up.
That's right.
I realize it's a goal that's
gonna take me a minute,
but I'm shooting for it.
Well, it's hard to put
your focus on one thing
when you're juggling
so much, kid.
Can't be a full-time
adventurer when you've got
a business to run.
But since you're
still part time,
are you at all available
for the next couple days?
I actually am.
Perfect.
'Cause there's a certain job
I could use your help with.
The actual task is
gathering materials,
but they're asking for a ton,
so we need a space magic
user to store 'em.
A bonus perk for you
is it involves hunting
one of the monsters
on your list.
Are you kidding me?
'Course not.
Client wants treant wood
so those are our targets.
[RYOMA]
Hmm.
Treants, huh?
This'll be excellent practice
for my trip to the Great Forest!
Just tell me when we head out!
[WORGAN] And that's it.
Consider yourselves briefed.
[RYOMA]
Awesome.
Every member of the party Mister
Worgan assembled is reliable.
Question, do the client's
demands not strike you
as being a tad difficult?
Three hundred of
anything is a lot,
but 300 treants is absurd, sir.
What's all of the wood
gonna be used for anyway?
A sort of town renewal
project you could say.
Wait, it needs renewing?
Maybe not now,
but what if Gimul's mines
run out of ore one day?
The town depends
on that finite resource.
Most folks would lose work
then move out and move on.
The proposal to prevent
something like that
from happening is to build
a new tourist attraction.
It'll be an entirely new
district with its own inns,
taverns, and everything,
just outside the south gate.
And at the very center
will be a fighting arena.
Sounds like fun!
I'm already a big fan!
Yeah, and it also sounds like
a ton of potential profit.
Just think about it.
There's the normal
tourism revenue,
then all the gambling
on top of it.
That I get, but why's
it have to be treants?
Wouldn't regular wood
serve the same purpose?
Architect's special request.
Apparently, the town got
someone famous hired on
and they've got a reputation
for being bizarre.
An arena made of treant
wood is this guy's vision.
So, yeah.
It's not a bad
building material,
but treant wood is typically
used in crafting wands
for magicians.
So, the architect
certainly lives up to his
bizarre reputation.
He does, but at least
he puts his money
where his eccentric mind is.
Hey, Asagi?
You take the lead.
I'd be honored.
Good. I brought in Ryoma
so you'd have a place
to store your haul, but he would
also like some experience
fighting treants.
I won't slow you down!
You're always scratchin' our
backs, so it's about time
we scratched yours, Ryo-mya!
Exactly! No worries.
[RYOMA chuckles]
All right.
You're adjourned.
Go home and get some rest,
then be ready to
head out tomorrow.
[RYOMA] The last time I fought
in a party was when we took out
those goblins at
the abandoned mines.
It's been a while.
My heart's racing!
I'm projecting that we'll
reach the target forest
by nightfall.
We'll set up camp
once we arrive,
then start the hunt bright
and early tomorrow morning.
If anyone's interested,
I could go over a few tips
and tricks for fighting
treants right now.
[RYOMA]
Please!
They mainly attack by swinging
their branches around,
so be sure to pay extra
attention to any movement
coming from above.
Their weakness is the
face-like protrusion visible
in the middle of the trunk.
Damage this portion itself
or chop off the area below it
to bring a treant to its end.
I do have one concern
about this, Leipin.
Is the face the only way
to tell treants apart
from other trees?
I sure hope not.
They could easily get the
jump on us if they're all
turned around.
Unlike regular trees,
treants possess magic.
Which means they're
just as detectable
as any other monster.
Ah.
Then this should go
off without a hitch.
[RYOMA] I'll have to keep my
magic detection up at all times.
[MIYA]
Purr-fection.
Ooh, what're those things?
They're chairs.
See?
Ameowzing!
And a table.
It folds up like laundry!
A clever way to free up
space while still providing
the comforts of home.
I'm impressed that such
furniture could be so light,
yet so sturdy.
Even before I got to Gimul,
I knew I wanted to travel
and see all of Seilfall and
now I can do it in comfort.
That's our little genius!
We're so infurior to you!
[chuckles]
Oh, it's nothing really.
All I did was replicate
the camping gear
I wanted back in
my previous world.
Glad they like 'em
as much as me.
Now, once we set foot in those
woods, the beastkin ladies
and I will take
down the treants.
Leipin and Ryoma will then
transport the fallen ones
to a secure location.
Leipin will also be our lookout,
alerting us to treants
and any other threats.
Should it be necessary,
Ryoma will attend him
and ensure he's covered.
You'll join us in the fight once
the situation stabilizes, Ryoma.
Okay, understood.
[ASAGI] And hey, there's no
need to stress yourself out.
You've been like that all day.
I noticed how intense your
focus was in the carriage, too.
This job is a tall order, yes,
but we're here
tackling it with you.
So go at your own pace.
Thank you for the reassurance.
[MIYA]
If you don't overthink it,
I'm sure you'll be
feline fine in no time.
'Cause you're just
that cool a cat!
If there's one thing
I know about you,
it's how sharp you are.
You might know more
about treants than me
once we're done.
And you've got us to protect
you if you're worried
you're not skilled enough.
We'll take care of you just
like we have in the past.
And if you get hurt, I'll
be right there to heal you.
Thanks a lot.
I couldn't do this without you!
As much fun as I have
working with my employees
to run a good business,
I'm also having just as much fun
with these
experienced adventurers.
I'm learning all
sorts of new things!
Is everyone ready
to begin the hunt?
Good. Let's go.
Huh. I believe
I see one already.
Look alive.
Sense anything different
about that thicker tree
ten meters away from us?
[MIYA]
That one?
[LEIPIN]
Indeed.
[RYOMA]
He's right.
It looks like any other
tree, but I definitely feel
magic power radiating off it.
Check meowt!
One treant down.
Which means it's our turn!
Now! Dimension Home!
These one-hit
sourpusses are nothing!
I sense a group of three
somewhere up ahead!
Nicely done, Leipin.
I'll take the one in the center.
The other two are yours.
Take this! Windcutter!
There's one final treant.
It's the last I sense
in this area, though.
Ryoma, care to do the honors?
You bet!
Yes! I can handle
one treant, No sweat!
That deserves a round of a-paws!
Something seems
off to me, though.
Treants are known
to prefer dark places
that are especially
deep in the woods.
It's rare to spot so many
this close to the outskirts
where the sun's
shining brightly.
But at least we got
off to a good start.
So let's count our blessings
for now and make our way
back to camp
for some lunch.
[RYOMA] Mister Leipin's
not the only one.
Something about this
place feels off to me, too.
[MIYA]
Where are you, Ryo-mya?
Fur-get you saw that.
[ASAGI] The slash attack you
used earlier was great, Ryoma.
I think you've proven that you
can handle whatever treants
we miss when we
go hunting again.
I appreciate it.
That said, don't overdo it.
Your top priority should
be keeping Leipin
and yourself safe from danger.
Right!
Believe in the cat
that believes in you!
About your sword, it's actually
one of your metal slimes
in disguise, right?
Almost.
The scabbard is a metal slime,
while the blade
is an iron slime,
which is a little different.
Well done.
I recall you asking
about buying katanas.
I guess you solved that
issue yourself, huh?
I'm constantly in awe
of your ability to expand
the boundaries of
what slimes can do.
Hey. What's that floaty thing?
[LEIPIN]
Yet another slime!
[RYOMA]
It is?
A fluff slime, to be specific.
As you can see, they
have the gift of flight.
I've never even heard of these!
A slime that can fly?
Mister Leipin, how are
those types caught?
With the utmost ease, of course.
Pick Up!
[RYOMA]
Whoa!
A simple form of Space Magic
that transports a target
closer to the caster.
Though it only works
if said target is in
your line of sight and aiming
can also be difficult,
to say the least.
So, not many use it.
It does, however,
have the unique benefit
of capturing without
causing harm.
That alone's worth it!
Here you go.
This fluffy guy is yours.
It's only right,
don't you think?
After all, you're the
slime specialist.
Thank you, Mister Leipin!
Contract complete.
Monster Appraisal!
It says its skills are
flight and lighten weight.
Multiplication level eight?
You lighten weight,
little fella? Wow!
No wonder since you're almost
weightless yourself, huh?
[LEIPIN] Its weight isn't
completely zero,
but it comes remarkably
close, as you can tell.
You're also feeling
the flight skill at work.
Now I'm more eager to
get this job done quickly!
Can't wait to get home
and figure out a way
to put its skills to good use!
Ryo-mya's love of slimes
is the size of a meown-tain!
I could listen to that
happy boy all day!
Sometimes I forget
that he's only 11,
and then he gets a new slime.
Um, we should probably get
back to hunting those treants.
No way. You feel that?
It's quite the disturbing
turn of events.
I'll say.
That area had nothing
but normal trees
when we entered this
forest a moment ago.
Judging from the magical
power that I'm sensing,
it feels like more than
half are treants now.
The way you said
that tells me it's bad.
They're appearing too
quickly and in large droves.
So if I had to take a guess,
I'd hypothesize a dangerous
evolved species is close by.
We can't return with just
a fraction of the lumber.
Continue, but please
proceed with caution.
I'd like to investigate
even if it turns out to be
something we can't handle.
Compared to us, individual
treants are as flimsy as grass.
But we won't get injured as
long as we all stay sharp.
All right.
Let's go cut down some trees.
--[LEIPIN] Now! Windcutter!
--Have a slice of my Windcutter!
The only danger's passing
out from exhaustion!
There's no end
to them, is there?
Healing!
Thank you for
looking out for us!
Yes! Nice one!
Stay where you are!
We need your help on
the offensive, Ryoma!
Leipin! Provide support!
I'll do all that I can!
Everyone did an outstanding
job of clearing this area.
However, the grove just
ahead is equally dense.
And of course I mean
with treants, not trees.
We've come too far to stop meow!
Are you sure you
have the stamina?
There's no shame
in retreat, everyone!
We're well aware, thanks!
We'll retreat when we need to!
Safety first!
[RYOMA] At this rate, we're
gonna wear ourselves out
in a matter of minutes!
Wait, Ryoma.
Are you throwing in the towel?
Nope, I'm picking things up!
Maximize, guys!
Then separate, too!
I came up with this
method a while back.
Throwing weapons is great,
but running out of them is not.
I won't have that problem
if my ammunition
wiggles its way back
to me, though!
Ryo-mya, you're so claw-some!
He's like a one-man army.
Let's cover him while
he takes out the treants!
[LEIPIN]
I knew it.
Although, I didn't expect
it to be this strong.
[RYOMA]
That's a whole mess of magic.
[LEIPIN]
It's an elder treant.
I've encountered a few
before, but none so large
or imbued with such
an astounding amount
of magical energy!
If we don't do something now,
it could turn the
whole forest into treants.
Asagi said it best before,
even if we can't handle it,
we should get info, yeah?
Leipin. Ryoma. Good to go?
I have plenty of magic left.
Yeah, same.
Believe it or not, I've
hardly used any up till now.
Oh, I certainly believe it.
Spared yourself from
casting several spells
by turning your slimes
into throwing axes.
It's decided, then!
Let's take out the elder treant!
My metal slimes are
scared for some reason.
Ah yes, a commendable choice.
Creatures shaking in fear
shouldn't ever be forced
to fight.
Right.
What were they all
so afraid of, though?
Stay calm, everyone!
They are capable of walking,
but their movements are slow!
[LEIPIN]
It's the elder treant's roots!
Then I'll use Pavement!
That'll keep its roots at
bay for a minute or two!
Leipin and Ryoma, stay there
and provide us with cover!
Act as their guardian, Cilia!
The remainder of us will
charge them, head on!
--Wind cutter, attack!
--Wind cutter, go!
What the heck was that?
A-paw-ling!
That was dark magic!
It can corrode metal weapons
and turn them into piles of rust
with just one attack.
How can we fight something
that disintegrates our blades
with its breath?
I see.
That's what my
slimes were afraid of.
Wait, in that case.
Let's Maximize!
Now Separate!
[RYOMA]
Just as I thought!
It's not effective
against pure iron!
Do me a favor, guys!
Buy me, like, five
seconds of time, okay?
Catch!
It's so shiny!
Give him the backup
that he needs!
[RYOMA]
Good. It's in range!
[RYOMA yells]
Now go ahead and deliver
the finishing blow.
Oh, yeah, it should
be Mister Ryoma.
He and his slimes
did most of the work.
Make sure whatever
you do looks cool!
Okay!
That was the cat's meow!
Not only did you hunt treants,
you were given a chance
to take down an elder treant.
[RYOMA]
Yeah.
Don't often get to fight
battles like this one.
Thanks for allowing me
to deal the finishing blow!
"Allowed" is one way to put it.
For the record, I asked you
to do it because I trusted
that you could.
That's why I decided I
would cover you at the end.
Out of trust? Really?
I'm fairly certain we all have
that kind of faith in you.
[RYOMA] Everywhere I turn
these days, I'm surrounded by
amazing people.
Best of all, I trust them,
and they trust me.
[RYOMA] Without further ado,
your mountain vegetable tempura.
Who knew mountain veggies could
be cooked in such a tasty way?
Meow'd you do it?
Not that I was keeping count
while we were fighting,
but we definitely met our quota.
Indeed.
And I'm still reeling from
the fact a black-market dealer
was buried under
that elder treant.
I'm trying to eat here.
Don't bring up that nasty
skeleton at the dinner table.
Sorry.
I thought it relevant since
the magic crystals
buried with him are what granted
the elder treant its power.
It's a very important discovery.
[ASAGI] How can you gab
about that when we have
miso soup this good
to fill our mouths?
Oh! It tastes like home!
I was able to buy some
soy sauce and miso in Lenaf.
[ASAGI] Lenaf carries such
delights? Magnificent!
You sure are crying a lot.
Just an emotional eater?
[ASAGI]
I'm having a moment over here!
I feel so incredibly lucky!
[WELANNA]
All this over a bowl of soup?
[RYOMA] I'm glad I snagged those
ingredients from Mister Pioro.
Funny how food has the power
to forge such wonderful bonds
and memories.
I hope I can make even more
at Gimul's Founding Festival.